sched/misc:add linux-like reboot notifier list (#7995)
apache/nuttx: Documentation/reference/os/notifier.rst

===========
Notifier Chain
===========

NuttX provides a callback list mechanism called *Notifier Chain*.

> Notifier chain is essentially a list of callbacks used upon certain time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifier chain is essentially a list of callbacks used at certain times,
```

such as system asserting, powering off and restarting.

> **Notifier chain** is very much alike Linux notifier chains, except

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notifier chain** is very much like the Linux notifier chains, except
```

for some implementation differences.

Classes of Notifier Chain
======================

There are currently two different classes of notifier.

Atomic notifier chains
-------------------------------

Atomic notifier chains: Chain callbacks run in interrupt/atomic context.

> Callouts are not allowed to block. One example of Atomic notifier chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callouts are not allowed to block. One example of an Atomic notifier chain
```

is when asserting, because asserting can happen in interrupt context, we
must make sure the notifier chain will not block.

Blocking notifier chains:
------------------------------

Blocking notifier chains: Chain callbacks run in process context.

> Callouts are allowed to block. One example of blocking notifier chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callouts are allowed to block. One example of a blocking notifier chain
```
